"I am engulfed, I succumb”.The absent one.Adorable!The intractable.a third skin unites us.agony.To love Love.To be asceticAtoposwaitingDark glasses"The gift is contact, sensuality:"catastropheGaudium is what I dream ofLaetitia is a lively pleasureThe heart is the organ of desireTake all the delights of the earthI have an other-AcheI want to understandWhat is to be done?"My symmetric partner, my rival"I close my eyesA furtive contactClandestine signsThe Other's body"Once again, I love"Language is a skinThe amorous giftI have this fear:is the precious additionlove nonethelessWe are our own demonsamorous vassalageLove-as-passion"everything seems inert to me, cut off, thunderstruck"I am aloneFlayedI have no skinInexpressible LoveI cannot write myselfHow does a love end?Doomed to wanderIn the loving calm of your armsa deranged intervalexiled from the Image-RepertoireA voice asleepAny fissure within Devotion is a fault:I tremble to speak of it!I am mad to be in loveI am caught in this contradiction:Show me whom to desireno desire without prohibitionWhat I want is a little cosmosThis can't go on!"withdrawal, travel, suicide,""sequestered, departed, or dead,"to transgress a law.extralexicographical:"Exchange, gift, and theft"(the only known forms of economy)everything is possible--"how intolerable the lover's suffering is,""I speak so that you may answer,"on the side of Dionysus:are subjects of Expenditure:I knew no end to desiring you.Perpetual monologuesLove makes me think too much."The person you love loves you as well,"No Answer"a dream creature who does not speak,"Yet there are subtler clouds:desire continues to vibrate(the darkness is transluminous)in the dark interior of love"mechanisms absorb our compromises, our desires, our spirit"--and silence them.What exegesis will have to be inventedhere is the morality of things.The scriptor"""Keep your distance"""the script is folded and refolded:"depth, subtlety, and body,"We have been mistaken.the weight of our dilemmainscribed their qualities into nonhumansa pile of silicon"a continuous passage, a commerce, an interchange:"The soul of machinesinfinitely surpasses human measurea technological objectadvancing with infinite carethere are only differences of degree between matter and text."Half spirit and half matter, half imprint and half text"the famous barrier between sign and thing:textual machines